https://codepen.io/justinmavity/pen/vYGJWev?editors=1100


    1. What is Semantic HTML?
        Semantic HTML gives the webpage meaning.
    2. What is HTML used for?
        HTML to display documents in a web brower.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        Attributes define additional characteristics or properties. They are always put in the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used to describe the topic of the web page. They can be used only once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        the a tag and the img tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        The head of a HTML document gose outside of the body opening tag.
    7. What is an id?
        Id is a way to uniquely identify an area of a web page.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
        All elemnets can have an id added to it.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        Only once.
    10. What is a class?
        Is a attribute to group elements that you want to stylize in a certain way.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
        All elemnts can have a class added to it.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        As many times as you like.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target"_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
        Used to describe a pictures with the use of a screen reader.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        with #idName.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section is Semantic while div is not.
    17. What is CSS used for?
        CSS is used to style your website.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Id's can only be used once while class cann be used as many times you would like. example of when to use an id would be for a section. example of when to use class would be for img to size them all the same.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .className.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        a parent child selector is a class inside of another class or id. this is usful when you want to style a certain element in a certain areaa differently.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar links{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        pseudo selector is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected elements.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform:uppercase, text-transform:lowercas, text-transform:capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{border:1px dotted black}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
         pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do Ihave to be careful with this?
        rm
     34. Why should I use version control?
        version control allows multiple team members to work on the same project at the same time.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Everyrime you get something working or you make a big change.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    Fork, git clone, git checkout -b, git add, git commit, git push.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
